notes on regions:
----------
Canada:
* 12 regions with regular CAC forecasts
* 2 regions under CAC, but with no real forecasts (Bighorn, North Rockies)
* 4 from pc.gc.ca for national parks
* 3 independents (WhistlerBlackcomb, Vancouver Island, Kananaskis)


things to do:
----------
WS
    app naming
        rename Heroku app (avalanche or aviforecastws) -- "heroku rename newname"
        update client URLs, and push out new build
    support other avi centers (CAC; pc.gc.ca; etc.)
    testing
        set up unit tests (via Mocha) for the web scraping piece, with examples of real pages from the sites as well as other corner cases, to ensure accuracy
        scale testing?
    operations
        remove console messages for happy path, or switch to a real logger and turn down (via Winston)
iOS
    forecast details page (for now, just show entire site-specific details page)
        figure out how to recognize clicks on annotations
        figure out how to just to another view
    data management
        add refresh button for explicit forecast refresh? OR add forecasts last fetched time (but has to be across all forecasts)?
        track and throttle global refreshes (don't refresh if already done within the last few seconds)?
        refresh regions.json periodically?
        offline data caching?
        only fetch forecasts if overlay view actually gets loaded?
    iOS4 support?
    liability warning?
    ask for app ratings?
    testing
        unit tests?
        test on various iOS versions
        test on various device types
        check task switching behavior
        check behavior on various networks (WiFi vs. 3G vs. Edge)
        check no network behavior
        check no GPS behavior
        check "use location: not allowed" behavior
        check low memory behavior
 other
    beta testing
    set up NWAC for beta testing
    contact other avalanche centers?
    LLC
        get confirmation from SOS
        reserve domain name (icicleventuresllc.com)? and map it in brinkster
        file with BLS online
        email BLS to ask them to shut down my old business
        update Seattle biz license
        update my developer account with Apple from individual to business (see http://developer.apple.com/support/ios/account-management.html)
        create bank account
    set up www.sebnarware.com website (via brinkster; see https://help.brinkster.com/KB/a125/how-do-i-redirect-a-domain-or-subdomain.aspx)
    set up www.icicleventuresllc.com website (via brinkster; see https://help.brinkster.com/KB/a125/how-do-i-redirect-a-domain-or-subdomain.aspx)?
    paid or free? thinking free
    take screenshots
    submit app to Apple
    marketing
future possibilities
    switch to NWAC JSON api when available
    push notifications
    weather info
    telemetry info
    add previous days to view history
    more avi reference info
    Android version
